hi I'm dawn with the Office for Mac team
audio and video can be an essential part
of any great presentation
in this video series we'll look at how
to work with both in PowerPoint for mac
2011 before you can do anything with
audio or video and PowerPoint you have
to insert or add it to your presentation
to do that on the Home tab click the
media button notice that you can insert
either from the media browser which
gives you quick access to all of your
iTunes music and movies
from file which just means that you can
choose the file from a folder on your
computer or record audio directly on
each slide which is great for annotating
your presentation
first let's insert a video from the
Media Browser
all you do is drag it into the
presentation
now let's insert an audio clip
here's one that is saved on my hard
drive
notice that when you insert media from
file you have the option to link to the
file it's important to understand that
if you link to the file the media is not
actually saved with or embedded in your
presentation which means that if you
decide to share your presentation you'll
also need to share the individual media
files by default PowerPoint 2011 embeds
all media in a presentation
although embedding increases the file
size of a presentation it also ensures
that your media remains a part of the
presentation if you move the
presentation or share it with others
unless you are concerned about the file
size of the presentation use the default
option to embed audio and video
PowerPoint 2011 supports most of the
popular media file types one video type
that PowerPoint 2011 does not support is
YouTube video for the entire list of
supported media take a look at audio and
movie file types in PowerPoint help a
link is in the related links section of
this tutorial